As a result of logistics managing the inventory supply,
there have been fewer missed procedures
due to stock outages or other issues.
An excellent example of this is
the reduction in canceled surgeries
because the supplies were on hand
to perform procedures on patients as originally scheduled.
Another benefit of logistics managing the inventory
is standardizing the types of supplies
and using the Prime Vendor.
Through the use of the Prime Vendor,
facilities can get better pricing
and quicker access to supplies.
The supplies are also purchased in accordance with policy
and purchased through the proper vendor sources.